Hey, good morning, family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us today.
Well, I have Diana with me. She's going to read a prophetic word that is in due season. I'm telling you folks, I've never seen it like this before.
It's like what the Lord told us, that there would be an acceleration of things: political, war, earthquakes in diverse places.
The heavens—we haven't seen that yet, all the major asteroids.
I had a dream of another major thing coming with an asteroid two nights ago, and with finances. And so, we see the five shakings that He said were coming.
Now we're seeing this major escalation of what I told you all in prayer, I think it was like four videos ago, three videos ago, when He said, 'Pray over a megaton bomb coming into Tel Aviv.'And I had Diana Braden Google.
Iran doesn't even have one of those—this massive thing that I saw.
Well, I thought, 'Well, Lord, I know I hear You, and I know what You told me to watch out for, and You told me to bring it to the people.'And so I did.
Then we see Trump leave the G7 summit early, like in the middle of it, and leave and go back, and he has a major meeting tonight as we're speaking.
And we see China say, 'We're going to back Iran.'And I thought, 'Well, there's where the megaton bomb comes from, if China says, "Hey, we'll give you supplies or whatever you're going to need."'If you go back to what the Lord showed me in the World War II video, I saw troops coming against Israel with red hats on.
But I also saw in that what people would call the great betrayal during the Ezekiel 38 and 39 war.
I told everybody, 'They will call this the great betrayal,'because I saw America standing by.
Now, are we in that timeframe? No, I do not believe we're in Ezekiel 38 and 39 as of yet.
I believe it's coming. I believe the hook in the jaw is coming. I believe there are escalations now.
I was hearing this prophetic word that you're about to read, Diana.
Maurice Sklar says he believes we're entering—we entered into Psalm 83, which, sorry to say, I'm ignorant about, but I didn't even know there was a Psalm 83 because I haven't heard anybody teach about it until I saw this prophetic word.
And I was like, 'Well, hold on a minute, I haven't heard the Bible theologians talk about Psalm 83 a lot in the end times.'But I respect Maurice.
I know he's a man of God, and he hears God. He has very accurate words, so it's very interesting, some of this that you're about to hear.
I've talked about this in the past, but as the days go by, look, folks, words are coming to pass. And I know it's not always people's hot topic.
They don't want to talk—they want to talk about the end times, the rapture, all the great, beautiful things of the revival, but we have to talk about the dark side of the coin, too.
I told you, I don't just always talk about the sugar. I believe the revival is awesome, and I'm excited, but this is my main vein of warning, warning, warning.
If you haven't noticed, the Lord said, 'You're called to say the hard things.'And I do it.
And you know what, I want to say this: yesterday, when I apologized if I came across cranky, that was because I was corrected by the Holy Spirit.
It wasn't about y'all; it was about what He said. He said, 'Brandon, come across softer toward the people.
I want you to deliver it so that the ones that need to truly hear it will not click out of the video.
Present it in a way that is a little bit more...'I don't even know what to say, how to say it, but I know what He's saying. So that's what I had for you yesterday.
But I want to let you all know we love you, we're thankful for every single one of you, and we're so grateful that you would come and listen to us.
But I'm telling you, we have a word that is in due season. I'm warning you all of a major shaking still going to happen in the Middle East with Israel, with these signs.
But what I'm more concerned about is not even Israel, but about America and what has crossed the border over the last four years—past, going on four and a half years before Trump put a stop to it—what came across our border.
And many people say, 'Well, Brandon, hopefully we've got these guys; they're hiding out.'And I saw funneling of hundreds of millions of dollars over the last four years for buying supplies and doing all this.
We pray protection over our nation. I believe it's a time like never before that we rise up and take our dominion and authority.
You know, it's like we take dominion and authority over Oklahoma; we're praying over our area.
If you live in Oklahoma, you're joining in with us, but you need to do that in your hometown.
One of the things that I forgot to say out of that prophetic word, when I told you I was driving around a couple of days ago, the Lord said, 'Watch small cities, unexpected locations.
Like Omaha, Nebraska was one of the major cities.'He said, 'Watch Oklahoma City, watch Little Rock.'These little cities that are not too big like a New York or a Los Angeles or something like that, but there might be a couple million people in them, but it's not like, 'Oh my goodness,'you know?
And the Lord told me, He said, 'Watch these places. It's Pearl Harbor events.'He said, 'Watch for that.'Remember when I told you all I heard China say, 'We must create a Pearl Harbor event,'and I saw them talking to North Korea?
And North Korea was a social pariah; that's why they asked him to do it, because Kim Jong-un is not respected anywhere.
I mean, he is Kim Jong-un. And I saw China becoming desperate with their finances, remember?
And because they were desperate with their finances, they were like backed into a corner, and they were like the samurais that would die on their sword because it was an honor thing.
And that's what the Lord said: 'You don't understand their culture versus a Western culture; they think totally different.'And the Lord told me about all this stuff, and being just an old country boy, I don't know that kind of stuff, you know?
And I told Diana, I said, 'You know, the Holy Spirit's been talking to me about this.'We go over things that the Lord says because Diana's real educated.
And I said, 'You know, it makes sense, doesn't it?'The way the Lord's talking to me about this, about how China thinks differently than Western culture.
And I thought, you know, we see Iran now—not become what I have seen so far, but it's headed there with being set back economically, with their military, with everything.
I've seen a major setback. Now, I even described the missile. This is what's so amazing, folks.
I give all the glory to God, but I think it's amazing the way He comes out with the plan to tell you back in January about even the missile that I saw that Israel needed.
And I saw USA on the side of this missile, and it was black and white, and it was a bunker buster.
And I didn't know that Israel didn't have these missiles that were capable of going into that mountain that was a city that had nuclear stuff going on with biological weapons inside of this mountain.
Whenever I was watching the news, and they showed the mountain range and where it was, and they said, 'This is where they have to hit, but they don't have the equipment without the United States'help,'I went, 'Oh my, Braden, we were...'and I go, 'Diana, did you—oh, rewind, rewind!'And I said, 'Look, they're talking about the missile that I saw.'And I told you all it's black and white and it looks like an arrowhead, and I said, 'This is the missile that they have to get from America, that they will get from America, to go inside that mountain.'But I saw 50-gallon drums coming out of that mountain to go to Damascus to try to gas the Israelis in the days ahead, and I saw trucks full of this biological weapon.
And the Lord said, 'You must pray on behalf of this, because they will try to use biological weapons in the days ahead on Israel.'And it was like a mustard-looking, yellow-looking gas when they were spraying it on the people.
They tried to do like crop dusters and stuff. It was like—I don't know, you know, like they were trying to get them with the spray.
And I saw the people; it was a gas, and they got boils all over their skin, and it was melting their skin, and they were just dying instantly.
It was awful. It was a very, very traumatic death. But when they did this, I saw Damascus with a suitcase-looking bomb thing, and it was thin.
I remember looking in the spirit and the Lord showing me this. And it's even on videos, I've told you all.
I have archives of prayer things that I've done with y'all, of everything I've shared.
I'm very transparent, and you know, it's amazing because the Lord said, 'Damascus and Assyria will become a ruinous heap'in the Word.
Well, I believe we're about to see that. I believe we could be days, weeks, whatever away from seeing Damascus become what the Bible said it would become.
Then I saw Turkey, furious that this happened, and trying to come against Israel.
It became a really nasty mess. Well, where was America during this timeframe?
I remember I told you, I want you to think about—go back, because Braden and I put these together.
Braden does all my archives, and he does all the videos, he's over them, he studies them.
So, thank God for him, but he does that. Dina does the emails and all the other side of it, and Braden does archiving.
And I thought it was interesting when I saw China going after Taiwan in the days ahead.
And America—I said, 'Where is America at to defend Taiwan in this?'But they were preoccupied with something else.
And I saw gray upon the soil. I saw gray; it looked like ash. It looked like something bad from Louisiana to Canada, all upon the eastern seaboard.
And I said, 'What is this thick gray all over there?'And I still can't figure out what all that gray stuff is, this soot-looking stuff.
It looked like thick, gooey something all over the soil, and I know it represents something.
But if you go back, even with the last vision that I had with the dragon coming up three times out of the sea from Cuba—and the Lord keeps telling us, 'Watch Cuba, watch Cuba.
They're being promised things.'And they showed up in Russia; they went and had the meetings there, and they even talked about it, that they sent delegates or whatever to Russia.
So we see these things being talked about. So I'm trying to just paint a picture for you of all the visions that I've had, saying, 'Look.'And so here we have Cuba.
He keeps saying in these paradigms, 'Watch Cuba.'And I'm like, 'Well, watch Cuba?
What are we watching Cuba for?'But I saw biological things.
I saw these things, I saw the dragon coming up out of the water. And it was the kind of dragon what you see in the parades.
Well, China has the parades that look like those papier-mâché dragons that they're dancing, and the people are in them and they're dancing. That's the kind of dragon it was.
It was like the ones that move their mouth, and it's really decorative, and they do the dances with them for their parades and stuff, their Chinese celebrations.
So this is what I saw, and that was coming up and out of the water.
But it was purple, a light lavender purple with a dark fin on its back, with dark purple around his eyes with white on that dark purple, and then a really bright eye that looked green.
Then I saw that the feet, the claws, were dark purple as it came up out of the water, with a dark purple tail.
And I think that's very interesting. I've never seen a purple dragon because usually they're red and stuff in China.
So, after I saw that, then I saw China moving in and striking Taiwan. That's what it was all about after all that.
So, trying to piece things together, I'm not adding to or taking away from anything.
I just put the pieces together and say, 'Look, this one could fit there, and look how that all kind of goes together.'Because I believe it's the Lord talking to us to tell us to pray about these things, because He said, 'Pray for Taiwan that this does not happen,'and that megaton bomb coming over Tel Aviv and hitting Israel.
But when I saw the people dancing in the streets in the days ahead, they said, 'Our deliverer has come.'The Lord said, 'I'm going to show up and show off in a way that this generation has never seen before for the Israeli people.
I'm going to come through for them.'And so I just want you to be encouraged with everything I'm saying, but I believe we're about to see some radical stuff.
So we pray for the enemy within America, the Red Dawn experience in the ten cities. We need to pray over that.
And some of these things are going to take place, some of it's going to happen because we're in the end times and a great escalation of things will take place.
Remember I said it even in the short video, 'Everything's going to change.'The Lord said it again, 'Everything you know will change within 24 hours.
Life as you know it, and how you live right now, Brandon, will change within 24 hours.'A great acceleration of things is about to take place.
'The wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.'We're going to see that.
I saw oil in the Mediterranean, I saw oil in the Gulf of Mexico, I saw oil trying to come up to back the dollar, and trying to do all this stuff as Iran is crippled in the days ahead.
Now, will we see that? I pray we don't. Gas lines are going to be terrible.
I saw 1970s gas shortages, miles long, where people in California couldn't get gas.
And people said, 'Well, we don't buy our gas from Iran.'And I understand that, but it was about the world stage.
It wasn't about America. It was about the price of the petrodollar shooting up because of a supply shortage in Iran from other nations.
So I know China gets oil from there and other nations, right?
So it's not just about America. It never is just about America; it's about the world.
So, let's see. I pray that, like I said, I pray that doesn't happen.
I pray we don't see five and six dollars a gallon, ten dollars.
What was it, Braden? I saw gallons of gas go over eight dollars a gallon average.
Yeah, an eight-dollar-a-gallon average is what the vision I had, and I wrote it all down.
And it lasted for several months, and people were upset about it, you know, because everything went back up.
So do I say every vision I have comes to pass perfectly? No. You know why? Because we have people that pray.
I believe with all my heart the visions the Lord gives me are not all just prophetic, 'Thus saith the Lord,'like somebody who is a Kim Clement or whatever giving words that are prophetic.
I am a watchman, and a lot of the words I give, the Lord tells me, 'You should pray.
You pray.'Well, what does that tell you? Pray and change it.
You're an intercessor—that's what I do, and I've done this for years.
But I see these things, I see in part, hear in part. But the things I see, I believe a lot of it we can change.
I believe a lot of it we can change through prayer; some of it we cannot. So it's only by intercessory prayer.
So if we don't see it to pass, and you say, 'Well, that part of it didn't happen, but the war did and the escalation of it.'So, Tehran is being evacuated right now as we speak, and I think, what is that going to do?
What is all this, seventeen million people all leaving at the same time? That's crazy. Can you imagine the traffic in that?
When we went to Florida, and there's like how many million people in Florida, that traffic was terrible going around Miami.
I was like, 'I can't imagine living here every day.'Those people were nuts, the way they drove, compared to Oklahoma.
We're just backwoods people. They were just like flowing inside...
I was just like, 'Oh my God.'You know, driving down the freeway, I go, "I've got to get off and get on a side road."That's why I said, "I can't do this."They're aggressive drivers.
We're more like taking in the scenery and going real slow. Hey look, we rubberneck a lot looking at the wrecks or whatever. You've got to go.
These people are like—I was like, "It's scary, isn't it?"I just can't see how they—I bet the insurance down there is nuts to have a car, you know, for your teenager.
It would be like, "Yeah, it's $1,000 a month for insurance."I'm like, "Yeah, no, we're good."So, okay, well, let's read this prophetic word, like I said, and then we're going to pray.
So this video is going to be longer today. For the people who say, "Hey, I don't want to be here,"fast forward it, or what is that thing called?
Double speed it. Oh, we got a microphone from somebody, so we're hoping it works better because—sorry, my voice is—I don't realize.
I feel like I'm talking loud in my head. I feel like I'm talking loud, but I guess it's not carrying across.
Sorry. Well, they always say, "We can't hear. We can't hear anything."We have a lot of elderly on here, and I try to make sure that they are able to hear.
I try to talk as loud as I can. I feel like I'm yelling. I feel like I'm really yelling whenever I'm talking that loud.
It was August 20th of 2014 that he gave this prophetic word. Yes, okay, so that tells you how many years God gives in a warning.
Do you see that, folks? God's a God of mercy. He gives us—hey, August 20th of 2014, almost exactly over 11 years ago, almost.
Maurice Sklar. Okay, this is Maurice Sklar. Okay, go ahead.
Okay, the Lord spoke to me again today and he said to warn America again: "These Islamic terrorists will only stop when they are killed.
They have been brainwashed from infancy to do what they are doing.
This will force the hand of Israel and even the USA into war."In my opinion, the Psalm 83 Obadiah war is on our doorstep now and cannot be held back much longer.
The war will change our world; make no mistake about it. These present Middle East conflicts will escalate rapidly if not held back by God's mercy, and we will soon be in a full-scale war.
Soon, Israel will attack Iran to destroy their nuclear capabilities.
Iran will also strike back. This will also hit us in America, not just the Middle East. Did you hear that? Yes.
There will be terrorism here in America as well, with both murder and destruction of property.
The house of Esau, Edom, will be destroyed by God, as it is written in the prophet Obadiah and many other prophets in the scriptures.
Damascus will be destroyed very soon, according to Isaiah 17.
Obadiah wrote, "As they have spoken against Israel, so shall it be done to them,"but this will involve much collateral damage, both in Israel and America.
We will be shaken to the core in the West, both economically and spiritually.
God must allow this to awaken the church and bring about national repentance in both America and Israel.
Oh, prayer warriors, pray for protection of Israel, especially Tel Aviv.
I saw an attempted chemical attack there in a vision today. Pray also for protection in America's major cities.
Now, God is separating cities and places of refuge where he will supernaturally protect and provide for his people.
Make sure that you are exactly where God wants you, dear saints of God.
Riots igniting racism will begin in other places than just Missouri when food and water become harder to get.
Beloved, wake up, Yeshua is coming for his bride very soon. Okay, well, here's part two of this.
Okay, this was, I believe, 2019, a couple of years later from that one. He said, "I had a night vision dream last night.
I was observing a meeting of military leaders with the Supreme Leader of the Iranian regime.
They were seated at a very large conference table that was curved like an oval shape on the sides and square at each end.
On the far end was the headman, who had a white beard and was wearing a white head wrap and a long dark brown robe.
Flanking him on both sides were men dressed in military uniforms.
They were speaking in their language, but somehow I understood the conversation.
In a nutshell, the leader said that Iran is in a crisis that is both from without and within.
Within, he said, it was the rise of Christian revival in Iran. From without, it is economic.
'The great Satan,'as he called the United States, 'has nearly crippled our economy and is threatening our future.'Then he said Allah had spoken to him to gather those in that room and tell them the time has now come to go to war, to end all wars, and destroy the little Satan and to mortally wound the great Satan.
At first, I didn't understand what he meant, and then I realized this is referring to Israel and the US.
Everyone at the table then applauded and shouted together in unison, "Our God is greater!
Death to our eternal enemies!"The leader then continued and said, "The Mahdi Messiah is about to appear, and we are to prepare his way.
Even if Iran falls, we must destroy the Zionist regime. All is now prepared.
We have the weapon to overwhelm them and wipe the little Satan out and liberate the Middle East."Then they all stood, except the leader, and shouted over and over, "Our God is greater!
Death to the infidels!"Then the Holy Spirit said to me, "Iran's fanatical regime has plans now in place for a sudden, all-out attack on Israel.
They plan to use the element of surprise to launch a simultaneous missile attack from all sides against Israel.
They believe it will overwhelm the IDF missile defenses by the sheer number of missiles from all sides.
They have nuclear capability now, though it is limited and has not been tested.
Their military strategy is to knock out the missile defenses first, and then try to sneak in the atomic warheads in the deluge.
They have now ten nuclear devices which are hidden among their arsenal, including one submarine.
Tell my prayer warriors to take authority and intercede now that this evil plot will be stopped."Then the dream ended. So, is there more, honey? No, that's it.
So, I want you to—after you hear those kinds of warnings from different intercessory prayer people like us, it didn't happen directly how, you know, Israel struck them, but we see them doing what he's talking about.
And I knew in my spirit, the Lord showed me there's much more.
He even talked about the biological weapons, folks, that they had them deep within this mountain.
Here's another part of it we're going to read. Okay, our battery died on our laptop. We had to start over.
There is coming an all-out war in the Middle East as the neighboring Arab nations—oh, wait, sorry, before I start, this was in 2011.
There is coming an all-out war in the Middle East as the neighboring Arab nations will come against Israel with a sudden missile attack, starting from the north with Hezbollah, Lebanon, and Syria.
Other Arab nations will join. Israel will be hit from all sides at once, and there will be deaths and partial destruction of settlements, smaller cities to the north, and some damage to Tel Aviv and Jerusalem as well.
Israel will respond with great force, and limited nuclear weapons will release devastation upon the neighboring countries, particularly Lebanon, Damascus (which will be destroyed completely), and the rest of Syria, as well as military strikes into Iran, Gaza, and even northern Egypt's Sinai region.
So, I just want to say this: look at the dates of when the Lord gave those and how much time he gives us. And now, I believe we're right at the door.
It seems like with the visions the Lord has been giving us, they seem like they happen within a couple of weeks to months from each other.
I mean, it hasn't been like—well, because I used to think, I used to see things, and it would take years and years, and you'd be like, "It's the birthing pains."I told Dina, "I had the vision.
You see that come to pass a long time ago."And, you know, now we're just now seeing it, and it's been 15 years ago or whatever, you know?
And it's amazing to see now, we pray something in November or December, and we're seeing it six months later to seven months later.
And I believe it's going to keep escalating just like that. And so now, some of them we're seeing in January, and we're seeing them in June, you know?
And so I don't know, I just think it's interesting. I believe the time is short; that's why.
So all that being said, I want to pray today and see if the Lord has anything he wants to show us, because I think it's important.
You know, yesterday he wanted me praying for the lady that lost her child in that car accident.
It was a tragic accident. I saw a child pass away and the mother was—it caused a divorce in that family. You know, the Lord shows that because he cares.
I got an email today from somebody saying, "Thank you for praying for them, because she believed it was her."Wow, praise the Lord.
Well, that's hard, but I'm glad it touched somebody. Somebody who's been through something, I saw it was a very hard situation.
A very tragic death for the child, and the marriage fell apart.
And the Lord wanted to really help that lady. She was really battling suicide.
There were really dark things, contemplating things running through her mind, being alone, feeling guilty, feeling all these things, and remorse.
The enemy will always play the greatest hits: "What ifs?"That's his biggest M.O.
He wants you to always play back those greatest hits: "What if? What if?
What if?"And I believe that's one of his greatest weapons to get you to get down on yourself, get down on life, and wish you could change things.
We can't change our past, it's done. But what the devil meant for bad, God is going to turn around for good.
And we always need to pray that we're in the right place at the right time, and listening to that still, small voice.
You might say, "Well, Brandon, I didn't hear anything and a tragic accident happened."In the days ahead, if you're in the wrong place at the wrong time and you go home early, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
Regardless of what happens, we don't blame God. This is why I told Dina, even with the stuff we've been through, "You always stay on God's side."The enemy wants you immediately to be like Job's wife, who said, "Curse God and die, Job.
Look at all the stuff that's going on. Surely, God is mad at you."You know, he's like, "Though he slay me, yet will I praise him regardless of what I'm going through."Delilah is what I want to call her. I'm not going to curse my God.
I'm going to tell him, "Yet though he slay me, I will praise him."And I believe in all the circumstances that we see coming, you know, even when he's talking about food shortages—I've talked about food shortages, I talked about all the economic shakings that are coming, all the things.
But we see the rain right now in Oklahoma, the area that I told you all that I believe a major revival is coming, and it's the rain in the natural and the supernatural rain right behind it.
I believe we're about to see one of the greatest rains. We broke records this year.
Never in the history of Oklahoma and in Dallas-Fort Worth, I believe, have we all been without drought at this time of year.
Nobody's in drought around here. We've had such a surplus of rain that the people are complaining on the news, and I'm like, "Shut up, it's a blessing!
Just let it fill up. There's something behind it; it's prophetic. The Lord's trying to say, 'Guess what, folks?
I'm getting ready to pour out my spirit upon you like you've never seen before, and you've never seen the rain on this earth like you're seeing right now.
And guess what? It's a type and shadow for what I'm about to do in these last days.
You've never seen in the history of Oklahoma what I'm about to do.'"And we've seen some amazing revivals here, and I believe it's a type and shadow in the spirit realm of God saying, "Guess what?
Rain like you've never seen it in the natural, and rain like you've never seen it in the supernatural. Get ready, get ready, get ready.
Get your raincoat on."I always tell Diana, "Let's go tubing today."We never go tubing in a river—I think rivers are dangerous—but I'm just saying it's a good way to go down the river with Jesus.
We're going down the river of life. I've got a river of life flowing out of me, come on, yeah!
Or, "It's beginning to rain, it's beginning to rain. Rain, rain, hear the voice of my Father."He looks like he's getting ready to go home.
We pray for his family and for him, that he gets ready to transition over. Isn't that exciting? He's 90 years old.
I said, "What an exciting time."The Lord told me a lot of the elders are going to start going home.
He said that he was in the hospital right now, in critical condition.
So we pray for peace, and we pray, Father, if it's your will, Father, we thank you, Lord, that he's healed.
But, Father, sometimes it's just time for us to go on home at 90.
Yeah, I just saw it on somebody... or somebody emailed it to me, or I saw it online.
I saw that you showed me, and then we love to listen to his music.
"It's beginning to rain, rain. Oh, I love that song. Hear the voice of my Father."One of my favorites.
He's saying, "Whoever will come, drink from my waters. He's promised to pour his spirit out on your sons and your daughters.
If you're thirsty and dry, look up to the sky, it's beginning to rain."That's so anointed, I love that song.
"If you're thirsty and dry, look up to the sky, it's beginning to rain."I love that song.
He wrote that. "It's beginning to rain. Hear the voice of my Father, he's saying, 'Whosoever will come, drink from my waters.
He's promised to pour his spirit out on your sons and your daughters.
If you're thirsty and dry, look up to the sky, it's beginning to rain.'"I love that. Holy Spirit is really strong, I can feel that, hallelujah!
"It's beginning to rain, hear the voice of my Father, he's saying, 'Whoever will come, drink from my waters.
He's promised to pour his spirit out on your sons and your daughters.
If you're thirsty and dry, look up to the sky, it's beginning to rain.
If you're thirsty and dry, look up to the sky, it's beginning to rain.'"He said, "The turtle doves are singing sweet songs of glory."Something about the tulips turn up to the sky, "The clouds up above are beginning to gather, the barren land is thirsty, and so am I."I believe that's how it goes.
"It's beginning to rain, hear the voice of my Father, he's saying, 'Whosoever will come, drink from my waters.
He's promised to pour his spirit out on your sons and your daughters.
If you're thirsty and dry, look up to the sky, it's beginning to rain.'"Woo, I love it!
A lot of these songs we sing are the old ones, and Diana and I...
Diana's a scavenger looking through the old stuff. She tries because the anointing is on the old.
Also, all these people are always trying to get a Dove Award or get some kind of multi-million dollar platinum contract.
There's usually... it's because it's all about money to them; there ain't no glory on it.
Sometimes there is, but I'm telling you, 99% of the time, it's poo-poo, and I go, "Whatever."But I look at these old guys and I go, "Ah."It's like when I was singing, "I believe in miracles, I've seen a soul set free, miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod, I believe in miracles, for I believe in God."I believe it, I felt it right then.
It's that flow; I can feel it, it hits my spirit flow. Sing it: "I believe in miracles, I've seen a soul set free, miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod, I believe in miracles, for I believe in God."I believe it, hallelujah!
"He's the savior of my soul, my Jesus, my Jesus. He's the savior of my soul, he's the savior of my soul, his name is Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
He's the savior of my soul, he's the savior of my soul, his name is Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, savior of my soul, he's the savior of my soul."Thank you, Father.
We lift up this body before you, Father, and we thank you, Lord, that we're able to enter into your throne room so freely.
We're not unwanted stepchildren; we're adopted right into your household, and you said, "I love you.
Come and sit on my lap today, I'll be your Father."The abandonment of so many people that are fatherless, that have been so broken by a bad earthly father relationship—you're our heavenly Father, and you said you would never leave us and you will never forsake us.
lo, unto the end of the earth, you said you'd be with us always.
And I thank you, Father, for your fatherly... You are the ultimate Father.
You are our great provider, our protector, our strong tower; the righteous run into it and they are safe.
And we provide an atmosphere for you to feel comfortable in.
We provide an atmosphere for you to come feel comfortable in.
You are always so welcome in this house, you are so welcome in this place, you're so welcome, Holy Spirit, you are so welcome in this place.
Everything we see, everything we do, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
Father, without you, we are nothing. We're below nothing without you.
We rely, we confidently trust in the finished work of Jesus Christ today.
We confidently trust in the finished work of Jesus Christ today.
Jesus paid the price for us to walk in victory, and we lift up this body, Father, not as orphans but as adopted children.
Father, we have rights as your kids to sit at your feet because you said you're Abba Father.
We love you, Lord, and we take this body and we thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well from the top of our head to the soles of our feet. We thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well.
And we lose sight of ourselves today, and we give you all the glory, we give you all the honor, and we give you all the praise as we lose sight of ourselves today and we tug at that hem of your garment and say, "Jesus, we love you.
Jesus, we give you all the glory, we give you all the honor, and we give you all the praise."And that we're not parroting what other people say, but it comes from our spirit, Father, it comes from deep within, that Jesus, we give you the glory, Jesus, we give you all the honor, and Jesus, we give you all the praise today.
"He's the savior of my soul, my Jesus, my Jesus. He's the savior of my soul, he's the savior of my soul, his name is Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
He's the savior of my soul."Father, we just lift up this body before you, Father.
Forgive us, Father, for all we've messed up. Thank you, Father, that your grace is sufficient for me today.
Thank you, Lord, for all the things we fall short at—I know it's a lot—and we're only able to get there by your glory, by your grace, by you, Father.
By your grace, Father, we're only able to get there, Father, by you.
And, Father, we sit there at your feet today. We forget about all the people who try to come against us. Every tongue that rises against us, Father, we condemn it.
We thank you, Lord, that it does not bear fruit on any one of us, no matter word curses, witchcraft, whatever it may be.
It falls to our feet and does not bear fruit on any one of us because we are underneath that shelter of the Most High, we're underneath the shadow of the Almighty, and we are seated with you in heavenly places far above all principalities, far above all principalities and powers and might.
We believe, Father, you've given us dominion and authority.
We thank you, Lord, for the body right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, it's just innocence like a child, no performance, just stripped down. From the dust we came and the dust we will go back to.
I thank you, Father, that you see every flaw, everything about me, and there's nothing that I can hide from you.
You examine the depths of who I am—from my past, my present, and my future—and I thank you, Father, that you are more real to me than the very wind that blows upon my skin.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're changing us and we're going from glory to glory, from glory to glory.
You're changing us, changing us, changing us: "His likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world, for he's changing, he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world."Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
Thank you, Lord, that we're able to enter in by the blood, and we're never in a hurry, Father.
We don't have an agenda. We say, "God, what's on your heart today?"And that's where the glory is at.
Nothing else matters. Nothing else matters. We give you all the glory today, Father.
We plead the blood over our family, from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
My wife and I are covered. My children are covered. I thank you, Father, no weapon formed against us will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, Father, we condemn it; it will not bear fruit in Jesus'name.
In fact, I thank you, Lord, that it boomerangs back on them double.
It will not bear fruit on us. Thank you, Lord, in Jesus'name, for the blood.
We make much of the blood, and we apply the blood, and we put a bloodline around our house, around our finances, around all of it.
Father, we apply the blood of Jesus, and we thank you, Lord, where the blood is applied, Satan can't cross it.
We keep strife out of the house. We keep love. Love is king in our home. Love is the foundation in this house.
We put love first, for where love is, there you are, because God is love.
And I thank you, Lord, for the love of God in our hearts, shed abroad by the Holy Ghost in Jesus'name. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for your blood.
I feel the presence of the Lord is so strong right now, and I'm not knowing which direction to go other than just wait on Him.
Don't be afraid. He said, 'Don't be afraid. Don't be afraid. Fear not.
Fear not.'I hear Him talking about the things that are coming around you.
Fear not, fear not for what you see coming upon the earth. Fear not.
'Come up higher,'He said it several times. It's time to come up higher.
You must come up higher. For the days that are coming, you must come up higher. And that's not only in your thinking.
I'm hearing it, 'Come up higher.'I'm seeing it right now, and whenever He's talking, I see what He's saying.
Whatever I'm speaking right in the tongues, I'm hearing it, but I'm seeing it.
And you've got to come up higher for where we're going. He said, 'You can't camp here no more, My children.
You can't camp here no more. You've got to come up, come up, come up, come up to the throne of grace.
Come up, come up, come up, come up higher. You're where the eagles are, where the eagles are, above the storm, above the clouds.
Come up higher.'It's the enemy's desire to keep you in fear in the days that draw near.
Do you hear, Covenant? I see it almost like every single day they will try to bring fear, something new.
Come up higher. Take authority. Take your authority. Take your place. Take your seat with Me. Come up higher with Me.
I hear Him, He's saying it, and He says it over and over, 'You must get up higher, out of this, like an eagle, soar higher.
Come up, come up to the sun. Come up to the sun like an eagle. If you want to be thriving in the days ahead, thriving, not surviving.
If you want to thrive and not just survive,'that's what He says, 'if you want to thrive and not just survive, My heart is for you to thrive.
It's for you to thrive, thrive, thrive, thrive physically, mentally, emotionally, financially to thrive.'A survival mentality will come on most in the days ahead, survival.
They'll be in a survival mode. How do I just get by? But I'm not just a get-by God. Here's what He said, 'I'm not a get-by God. I'm an overflow.
I'm an exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.'So come up, come up, come up higher.
Come up, come up, come up higher. Be distribution centers. Be distribution centers.
Yeah, it's an all-hands-on-deck type. It's an all hands on deck.
I see cars, I see houses, I see red cars, I see houses. Believe Him for the best. Believe Me for the best.
For the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just, for the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous. I see it, and it missed him, and it missed him.
And when it's all coming around you, and a shaking is coming, a shaking is coming, these won't be prayed away.
You hear this? A shaking is coming. My Son's return is imminent.
It doesn't have to affect you. This is a choice, He says. It's a choice what you do for Me to flow through you.
It's a choice of saying, 'I yield. I yield to what the Spirit of the Lord has me to do each day.
I yield.'Come up, come up, come up higher. Matthew 24 is coming into full swing.
You hear me? That's what He said. It'll be birthing pain upon birthing pain.
Now, that's what He just said. I see it. He said a birthing pain upon birthing pain.
The contractions will be upon contractions, whatever that means. You hear me? There's no break in between contractions.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'You will see birthing pains double now.
They'll triple, and there'll be a contraction upon contractions with very few breaks in between.'Do you hear? For it's time for the birthing of the baby.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say the contractions are going to come upon contractions like, 'When are your contractions?
When was the last one?'That's what I hear doctors say, and then they say, 'Well, this contraction has been two minutes apart.'But I hear the Spirit of the Lord say we're entering into a time you will see the contractions around you.
What He's talking about is world events, world events, major shakings in the earth, wars and rumors of wars, fearful sights in the sky.
The contractions will come upon each other because the birthing is coming near, and a great acceleration of contractions.
He says, 'Oh, watch around you.'He says, 'Watch Me. Watch, watch Me.
We've entered into the point of no return. We've entered into the point of no return.'Thank you, buddy.
The point of no return, no epidural. That's right here, no epidural.
You hear? Yeah, because as it progresses, it gets... But we've entered...
I know, but I see it in the spirit right now where you're talking.
You've entered into that point of no return, like the epidural. You hear me?
The contractions are going to come upon each other, and the baby's coming.
You've entered into the point, a window, that window is closed.
He said, 'You've gone over,'whatever that means to you ladies. Praise God. That's what He just said to me.
I saw the nurse, I saw a spiritual room like a hospital room, and the doctor comes in and says, 'I want to go back.
I don't like... I need help with this baby.''You're at the point of no return. It's too late.
We've crossed the line.'That's what He just said, 'You've crossed the line now in time.
My Son's return is imminent.'That's what He just said. That's what He said.
So you'll see great shakings around you. Look up, look up, look up. He said, 'For your redemption draws nigh.
Be busy about My business.'That's what He said, 'Be busy about My business. It's all hands on deck.
It's being busy about My business.'Things that are going on in Israel, you just pray for the protection of the citizens.
The war will take place. This will be... this is part of it. This is the plan.
You hear? This is part of the plan. But pray for the peace of the people. Pray for the children.
Pray for the innocent, the ones that are the bystanders that are caught up in this.
Pray a hedge around them. Do you hear me? That's what He said right now.
He said that's what you should pray. The war won't stop. This is the wars and rumors of wars.
But this is a war, and He said this will be... this is in the spiritual realm. It's involving the people. 'My people, watch what He does.
Watch what happens in the days ahead.'He said they will surround them on all sides.
It will not just be like this; it will escalate. I see troop invasions, I see actual men, I see tanks, I see tanks, I see men.
That's Ezekiel. I see them on all... I see tanks, I see foot soldiers.
It's coming. It's coming. It's not yet, but it's coming. It will keep... there'll be escalation of things at home now here, too.
You're going to be so thankful you have Donald Trump, He says, for what's about to happen.
Great leadership. You're going to be so thankful you have Donald Trump, He says, great leadership.
This was all set into motion. If you had Kamala, it would have...
this would be a totally different outcome. Great leadership.
You'll be so thankful that you listened. There's reward in obedience.
There's reward in obedience, for I'm giving you a window having a strong leader right now coming against these other nations.
You hear me? Standing like a backbone, not being weak. Weak leaders...
I'm seeing Canada right now. I see the grey-headed man again.
He's a two-face. I see a two-face. This man is two... As this war escalates, watch Ukraine.
As this war escalates, watch Ukraine and Russia. Watch Emmanuel Macron.
I see him, he's busy like a little weasel and he's going around doing things right now.
He's like... He's almost like he's a snake, but this... like you see something that's real close to the ground that is dragging its belly.
That's the way I see him. It's like a little rat dragging its belly, but he looks like one of those little moles.
He looks like a mole and he's running around on his belly, and I see him, his belly is actually rubbing on the ground, whatever that means.
I see it in the vision, and as this thing is going on with Israel, it's a distraction.
And Donald Trump's trying to... it's focused over here and this is going on over here.
Do you see me? Do you hear me? I'm seeing it in a vision. This is going on over here as this is going on over here, and he's over here being...
he's being a mole. It's not good. And who's a part of it is that grey-headed man from Canada.
I see him and him. They're both together, they're talking and doing things.
A war on all fronts, a war on all fronts. Putin's gone quiet, hasn't he?
I said it again. I went... just instantaneous when I said that, I went to Cuba. He said, 'Watch Cuba.
Watch Cuba.'I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, "Watch Cuba."I see it again; I see the island.
I said, "Watch Putin, watch Cuba."I saw some things about crypto, but I won't talk about that.
The wealth of the sinners is laid up for the righteous. An uprising in the Middle East is still to come.
Watch these places. Watch these places; it's all in play. It's the wealth transfer; it's all in play.
Iran is not respected in the Arab nations. The Lord said, "You must look deeper, Brandon."That's what He was saying.
What you're seeing is surface. With the vision, there are deeper things going on than this.
This is surface. He said, when I just prayed that out right there, He said, "This is surface.
You're looking too much in the natural. There's deeper than this.
It's deeper than this, even with what's coming."He said, "You can't focus on what the media is saying, the bombs flying, and all that's going on.
What's going on behind in the shadows, and in the cold, in the stillness of the night?
What's happening in the stillness of the night?"He says, "What's happening in the stillness of the night when everyone is sleeping?
Backroom, hidden deals."He said, "Most of what you see on the news is all an act.
It's propaganda. It's not, you know—it's real-life, but it's not a movie, but it's hyped up.
It's lies, scripted."He said, "It's all this."He said, "If you're looking at the news, you're behind."That's what He just said.
If you're looking at the news and what's being told to you on the news, you're already behind.
News is going to be tomorrow's garbage; it's nothing. "Stop praying from a place of the news."That's what I hear Him say. "You are praying from a place of the news.
If you're praying from the place of the news, you're missing it when it comes to what's going on with Israel, what's going on with Iran right now, all these people."He said, "You're chasing prayer through the news.
Many of My believers..."What I'm trying to tell you is He said, "Many of My believers are praying from the place of what the news is telling you."And He said, "You must not pray from there.
I need you to hear Me."I hear Him so strong. He says, "Stop praying from the place of the news."Many, if you're not getting it from this channel, you need to get it for yourself.
He said, "I'll speak to you and tell you what's coming ahead so you'll be praying from that place instead of waiting for the news on what you're getting from YouTube."And they said, "Well, the bombs are flying, we've got to pray."He said, "If you're praying from there, you're already too late."Well, that's what the Spirit of the Lord just said.
He said, "That's why I tell you to come up, come up, come up, come up higher in this prayer time.
For you need to come up and pray from an eagle's eye view instead of praying loud with the chickens.
You can't be praying like the chickens; you've got to pray up like the eagles because the eagles see it coming before.
What's in store for the birthing pains are going to be upon each other now, and you must come up higher, and I'll show you how.
It's time to hear Me at a deeper level, listening from afar like a watchman on the wall."I see them; they're watching on the wall.
And as you pray from that place of authority, you'll pray things down, but you're not going to chase the enemy around.
"Stop praying from the news, stop praying from the news or you'll lose.
Stop praying from the news or you'll lose."He says, "You'll lose this war. You'll lose the spiritual war.
You must come up higher because you don't know what you're..."He said, "You don't know what you're getting. It's the truth and what's propaganda.
They're lying to you."He said, for the true things that are happening, they lied to you about COVID, they lied to you about...
Now why would you trust a war in what you're praying? That's what He just said.
"Why are you praying from a place about COVID? Why are you praying from a place about a new virus coming?
Pray, come from the prophetic eye."He said, "I'm telling the prophets, 'This is what you pray for,'and you're going to stop these things.
You'll be able to help some of these things, but it's about the body of Christ being that light in the darkness."It's not stopping it altogether; it's stopping it for you.
It doesn't have to affect you. That's what He said. Hallelujah.
Thank You, Father, that we're not chasing the news to pray these things out. Father, we're getting it way ahead, just like we have been.
That's why He's saying now, "People are on alert and panicking because they see it."He said that's why He's trying to correct, and He's saying, "This shouldn't already be alarming you.
You already knew this was coming months ago."He said, "Brandon, you and I did."That's why He said—the rat, when I talked about the rat in the White House, He said, "Brandon, that's old news.
You're focused on old news. It's time to go. You're way past that in the prayer time.
You're way past that, Brandon."That's why He corrected me, because I'm like, "Hey, the rat in the news, the rat in the White House, or the Asian man in China, guys, over here."And He's like, "This is old news.
Once it hits the media, you're behind. You must come up faster and higher as a watchman on the wall."Yeah, you're excited about it, you see it on the news because it verifies what you're saying, but you don't camp there.
You're already 10 miles ahead because you've been there for weeks and you're going, "Yeah, I remember that.
That was back on I-35, 400 miles ago."Seriously, and that's what He's trying to say.
Right now, we're praying from a place that's in the future. We're praying in a place from the future. We're not praying for the bombs.
He said, "Pray for the kids right now, if you want to pray for something."He said, "Pray for the children and the innocent lives, the bystanders,"because he goes, "It's going to happen.
This stuff's going to happen."Man, that's good stuff that He's saying today, folks.
It's correction for me, but it's beautiful. We've got the victory; we're on the victory side. What's coming next?
He's saying, "You should be asking Me what's coming next, as a scout, like the old Indian braves would sit on the hill and tell the tribe what's coming: 'Hey, it's coming.
I'm going to tell you what's coming.'"That's what He said. "Come up, come up higher in prayer."So, Holy Spirit, what is coming?
What do we prepare for? I see hurricanes again. Hurricanes again.
I see a storm in the Gulf. I see a storm in the Gulf. There's lightning all around it.
I see it turning; there's lightning all around this storm. It's around the Jamaica area again.
I'm seeing about money and about crypto. I'm seeing a window.
I see a stair step like this—it's stair-stepping. I see charts, and they're stair-stepping.
A stimulation of the economy. I've seen green grass; I've seen green trees. I see a stair step.
He said, "I told you a new industrial revolution was coming."I said, "Yep, that's right."That's what He said. I heard it right then.
He said, "I told you a new industrial revolution is coming with AI, and this will involve crypto."This is all distracting. You see this over here—sleight of hand.
I hear the Lord say, "sleight of hand."You're looking over here—Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel—all this stuff going on over here.
There's something going on over here. You hear me? I see it; it's over here.
War, war, war over here. Look over here, look over here, look over here.
I see a stair step, I see this over here, and over here I see the war, and it's over here.
Watch this hand over here. What's this hand over here doing?
Yep, an industrial revolution. An industrial revolution is upon you. Y'all, this is so amazing.
I mean, seriously, I'm going to say it like this: you've got the war coming on this side and all this stuff going on over here, but this guy's hands are doing this over here, and they're setting up the beast system over here as a distraction.
All this is bombs and all this is biblical, but because the birthing pains are on top of each other, you see, it's not a sleight where we're looking for one thing over here while this is all a distraction over here.
It's happening—this is all biblical. But because the birthing pains are on top of each other, you're having multiple events taking place at the exact same time, and they all represent something of the end times.
I'm seeing this over here, baby, but I'm seeing this over here, too.
And He said, "That's why you've got to come up higher in your prayer time."That's what He said, because you'll get distracted because you're so over here looking at this that you're going to miss out on this.
Everybody's looking at Israel right now, but there's something about crypto right now.
Pray over crypto right now. Do you hear what I'm saying? And that's what He's saying: "Brandon, you can't just...
everybody be looking over here at a sleight of hand going on over here.
A wealth transfer is going on over here, and this over here."And I see real estate.
I see real estate. I see the car markets in trouble. I see bailouts of things.
I see money flowing. This is going to be a flow of money, a ball of money, turning of money.
A major transfer of wealth is happening as this is happening.
And He said, because the birthing pains are on top of each other, we used to look at one thing and kind of get distracted from this thing, but He said in these days ahead, it's all happening at one time. The labor pains are on top of each other.
And if you do this and you're not staying in sync with Me—that's why He said, "Stay in step, stay in sync."Remember what He said: "Stay in step, stay in sync and hear My heartbeat every day, or you'll miss it."Because that's how fast things are escalating on a day-to-day basis.
War, what's going on with Ukraine right now, what's going on in Cuba, what's going on with the enemy within—it's all happening so fast.
Then we'll see volcanoes going off at the same time, and people are going to go, "Oh my God."Seriously, volcanoes, war at the same time, earthquakes, and you're going to be going like the news is going to be the most entertaining you've ever seen in your life.
But if you're praying from a place of the news, you're missing it.
That's what he's saying, because you'll be going, 'Oh my goodness, there's a volcano going off in Oregon right now!
Oh wow, did you see there's an earthquake happening over there?
A 7.0, a 9.0! What? Oh, wait, there's a bomb that went off in Tel Aviv!
Oh, and then the next thing you know, you're chasing things.'That's what you see because everything's coming so quick.
'Did you know that such and such crypto just went up to $5?'you know, and you're going, 'I was too busy looking over here, I didn't even see it, I missed it.'And distractions.
Well, there's too—there's so much going to be going on. That's why you've got to be instant in season and out of season, and praying in the spirit.
Pray in the spirit. You must make much of tongues. You must make much of praying in the spirit in the days ahead.
I'm seeing so much tonight. This is beautiful, the way he's describing this to me, y'all. And it is very clear.
I hope it's coming out clear, like I'm seeing it, and it's not confusing, but I'm getting it. I'm thankful.
I'm just going, 'Okay,'because it's coming out of me, but I'm just saying I pray for them that they're getting it.
Hallelujah! Oh, he just said, 'Pay attention to major sporting events. Pay attention to the Olympics.
Pay attention to these things that are ahead.'I see major sporting events. I see lots of finances, Diana, with this AI stuff.
I'm talking mega, mega money, more money than even the dot-com era, Bitcoin, and all this stuff.
I'm talking big bucks. It's all being spun up. It's all happening right now in the dark, in the dark. That's what he said.
What's happening in the nighttime, what's happening when no one's—what meetings are you missing out on?
There's a digital platform, a digital world that's forming, a shifting of world power, a shifting of world power.
Even what's going on with this war and all this stuff, it's shifting of world power.
It's shifting. So, Father, we come before you right now in the name of Jesus.
And it's part of the things you told us to pray about, that we would not have terrorist attacks on American soil.
We come against, Father, the trains, the box trucks, the vans full of fertilizer. We come against drone attacks.
We come against lone wolf shooters and snipers, and all kinds of shooting and bombs, and whatever it may be.
We pray a hedge of blood over this beautiful country, over Australia, because you told me to pray over Australia.
And these attacks in Australia, I see them trying to—there's something in Australia, praying over Queensland, major disruptions in Queensland, major disruptions in Canada.
Fearful things trying to get people to shrink back and hide. Praying over Taiwan.
Praying over Taiwan and the military, that China will not invade Taiwan during this distraction with Israel, that Israel would stand their ground and that they would eliminate nuclear Iran.
But at the same time, what's happening with Taiwan and China, this will not take place.
We pray a hedge around and about it. Put angels around Taiwan with all this stuff going into the fall.
I'm telling you, I'm looking into the fall right now. I look and I can see the leaves changing.
I can see the people in sports. Great finances, great finances.
Believe me, believe me, for he said, 'Believe me for them.'He said, 'For it is time for you to believe me for them.'I see it.
I see it. There's breakthrough. There's breakthrough. I'm giving you the equipment to get it done.
I'm giving you the equipment to get it done. Time is short. Time is short.
Have fun. I told you the fun has just begun. Have fun. Your heart's desires, your heart's desires. I heard him just say, 'Your heart's desires.
I'm a rewarder of those that diligently seek me.'He said, 'I'm a rewarder of those that diligently seek me.'The Pharisees, they always come.
The Pharisees always come trying to ruin the fun. That's what he said.
The Pharisees try to come, Brandon, and they try to ruin the fun.
Don't pay attention to them., I see people who are believing for planes, for getting things done.
I see jets. I see brand new jets. I'm talking nice jets, traveling and preaching.
Overflow, good. I'm talking nice aircraft, nice aircraft.
Ministries are believing for them. Big decillionaires. This is a window, he said.
This is a window. I heard it again right then. He said, 'Don't forget, this is a window.
This is a window. What will you do with the window?'He said, 'Joseph had a window, Brandon.
I gave Joseph a window. I gave Joseph a window. It was my grace.'Do you hear me?
'I told them ahead of time what was coming.'I heard him say it.
Joseph had a window. Some windows are bigger than others. Some windows are bigger than others.
That's what Joseph had, bigger windows, seven years. You see, it was a timeframe in history, and then it went to the famine.
But he said, 'It's the same: store up, do the things I've called you to do if you're listening to him.'All right, so I'm talking about the vision to my family and we're coming back.
I had to discuss some things with them, so you're hearing this part.
Emmanuel Macron had a white-looking nose with a black tip on his nose, and the rest of his head was white-looking, and the rest of his body was salt and pepper.
It was black and white, and he was slithering on the ground like one of those little ferret-looking things, like a sock puppet moving around.
He was trying to be like a little mole. It was really creepy. But as this was going on, crypto was going on, and this was a distraction from over here.
And the enemy wants you distracted, and what's coming is more distractions, because of the revival that's about to break free.
And it's to keep people in fear from the preachers trying to be done, all this and the virus and the things they try to do in the days ahead to try to keep people out of church.
And that's our job, is to come up against it and say, 'Listen, you will not do what you're planning on doing.
We will have our revival, and we will have a major outpouring of souls and a harvest of souls like we've never seen before.
And the finances will come to those that are listening and if you're not distracted.'The new industrial revolution is being birthed in front of our faces as we're watching over here.
sleight of hand, it's happening right now. I'm telling you, by the spirit of God, something major is about to take place.
I want you to hear me. Something major is about to take place with digital currencies.
I don't know what this is. All I know is I see a sleight of hand as all this is going on over here.
And it's interesting to me, the way the Lord shows me things. Pray ahead of time.
Remember Sooners—that's what he just said—remember the Sooners. South Korea, Japan, the Sooners—remember this.
It's something about digital stuff with these two Asian countries, and I'm like, 'I don't know.'It's interesting to me.
The Lord says, 'Watch it.'So he talks in code. He's trying to tell you to pray over this.
Pray over the Asians. Pray over America. Pray over Donald Trump.
He has big plans. And as we see this going on over here, we pray strength. He's getting older.
We pray strength over him that he's able to live long and finish strong, that he'll get this job done, that, like some say, he's a Cyrus, a Boaz, whatever.
I don't know. I just know that he is a man that has been appointed for such a time as this.
And the Lord said, 'You're going to be so thankful in the days ahead you have him for what's coming.
You will be so thankful as a nation that we have Donald Trump.'Remember what I'm telling you right now, I hear this very strong by the spirit of God.
You will be so even more grateful that we have him in the days ahead.
And he said, 'You must pray for him even more because of what the enemy has in store.
Pray for Trump even more for what the enemy has in store.'Giving godly wisdom to him, that he is appointed for such a time as this, and he is.
And the Lord's going to anoint his mind to help us. He didn't tell us, 'Well, we want Obama or Biden again or whatever.'He gave us a man that was what he wanted.
So people don't have to agree with that, I don't care. It's what the Lord said.
And I'm not trying to be political, I'm trying to tell you what the spirit of the Lord said.
I don't care about politics, I really don't. It's stupid to me, it's like whatever.
That's why the Lord said, 'Pray over midterms, pray over midterms, pray over this stuff.'I don't take a political stance.
I just say, "Hey, I stand on what God thinks."You know, what does the Lord say? "I'm on the Lord's side."All this other stuff is stupid.
We've got to come up higher, and I'm telling you, the enemy is distracting people.
What I'm seeing is just a frustration, saying, "Listen, you're missing it."Glory to God. I hear the Lord say, "It's time to rejoice.
It's time to rejoice going into the summer months, coming out of the summer months, going into the fall.
It's time to rejoice. Supernatural wealth transfer, supernatural wealth transfer in the name of Jesus, calling it in.
We've got to pray. The enemy—I'm telling you, this is—I just heard the Lord say, "Brandon, remember, this is Satan's wheelhouse.
You must stand as a watchman on the wall, praying over this. Don't go, 'Well, it's just going to happen.'No, he's going to try to block it, coming against the body of Christ.
We've got to say, 'No, devil, you're under our feet. Give me my money that's God's, and I'm going to use it for His kingdom.
Let it go in the name of Jesus. It's time to come up. Come up higher."And we're going to do exactly what He wants us to do with this fire, hallelujah.
And it's going to be glorious days, heaven on earth time for us to rejoice, body of Christ, because the time of the birthing pains are on top of each other, and that means the baby's coming, folks.
This whole thing's about to come to an end. Jesus Christ is coming. It's exciting.
We're about to see our Creator, and He's going to be like, "Hey, welcome home, My good and faithful servant."Wow.
Thousands of years of generations have led up to this. During the Shemitah cycle, it's coming to an end.
The Rosh Hashanah of when He told me—He said, "Adam's lease is coming up."This time last year, He started talking about Adam's lease coming up.
He said, "Adam's lease is coming up. Look for it from Rosh Hashanah—whatever that is in September—to..."He said that's when the Adam's lease would end.
I don't know what year, but He said, "Be watching this, it's coming."And I'm telling you all, I saw it in the spirit, and I saw the timescale, and it's a beautiful vision.
I gave you all that, and He said, "You're coming up to that window, Braden, it's there."Everything He tells me is He's coming.
It's always about He's coming. It always comes round-robin, doesn't it? We are here again, and He's saying, "I'm coming.
The birthing pains—I'm coming."And it's like sounding the alarm every time we pray together.
Isn't that exciting? It's on His heart. I go, "Oh, this is what's on Your heart today.
I'm coming."I go, "Okay, Father, I'm so excited. All right, we're excited You're coming, Sir.
We love You. Yes."Well, we pray this video blessed you all today.
We truly do. I have Rosh Hashanah, Rosh Hashanah, yeah. I played it. Rosh Hashanah.
So when this happens right here, Rosh Hashanah, that timeframe is what the Lord said.
I'll let them do it. You can correct them if they say it's wrong.
I was like, "I didn't butcher it, she did. It's her fault. Google did it."We pray this video blessed you.
We truly do. Thank you for joining us in prayer today. That was fun.
I love prayer like that, when He starts showing me things, and I go, "Oh, this is cool, man.
Let's go, let's go, let's go."I get excited. So we pray the video blessed you today.
We really do. Thank you for joining us. I know that was exciting for us.
I enjoyed it a lot. And I know what's coming is going into the fall of next year.
The birthing pains thing was just so over the top because of the way He was showing it to me.
It's not labor pain, see these things going on in the world, labor pain, pause, labor pain, pause.
He said they're on top of each other now, and He said it's going to intensify from—did you put that little lady in there?—from Rosh Hashanah, whoever it is, from that time to the other time, it's going to keep increasing.
From there, you go from that time, and so we're going to see a lot from—it doesn't do it, dummy—from that time all the way...
no, from Hashanah, from that time we're going to see a lot change because it's going to be Hashanah.
Very good. My battery's almost... oh man., how she shows up, the way she says it is really weird, isn't it?
It's from Rosh Hashanah. I like Rosh Hashanah, Rosh Hashanah—there's more of a beat to that other way.
Diana got me some new water. I enjoy this water, it's good. It doesn't show up on a green screen, either.
It doesn't show up on my green screen. It's like, "What's he drinking, flowers? That's weird."Is that what they think?
I don't know, I was just like, "Wow, Braden's doing drinking flowers again."No, it's a tent revival behind me.
I love that tent revival thing that he found. It's so much better. I said, "Do more tent revival."He's so talented.
Next time we'll find a dead person, we'll have it raised up in the background.
Well, God bless you all. We'll be back again soon, hopefully tomorrow.
I don't know, we'll see what happens in the next 24 hours with all this.
But like I said, we don't chase the news because it's behind, it's yesterday.
It's fixing to be trash once it hits the news; it's over. It's like, wait, you're chasing the fires...
putting out the fires before they start, or the whack-a-mole.
You don't hit the whack-a-mole, but when it comes up from the little arcade game, you hit, you know where it took you, always chasing the whack-a-mole.
We don't want to hit the whack-a-mole like that because you want to win the game, right?
It's already too late because the whack-a-mole tries to beat you up.
He's already... Now, Thunder won tonight, so that was fun. God bless those guys.
Thunder will put a smile on your face, a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.